Chart: Add Getting Started topic (#7613)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Chart/00 Getting Started with Chart/10 Display Chart Data.md

> To bind DevExtreme Chart to data, specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#dataSource) property. Ensure that the component data source contains items with at least two fields: a value and an argument. Implement the `arg` and `val` field names to display data. Specify [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/).[valueField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#valueField) and **series**.[argumentField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#argumentField) to implement custom value and argument field names:

Reviewer: I would always use the same order - first argument, then value. Right now, the text mentions the following combinations: 

- "a value and an argument"
- "the `arg` and `val` field names"
- "`series.valueField` and `series.argumentField`"

I also would not use the verb "implement" in the last sentence. You don't implement custom names. The data source just happens to use some names and you need to assign them (or map them) to certain properties. 

```suggestion
To bind a DevExtreme Chart to data, specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#dataSource) property. Ensure that the data source contains items with at least two fields: an argument and a value. The Chart looks for fields named `arg` and `val`. If field names are different, assign these names to **series**.[argumentField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#argumentField) and [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/).[valueField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#valueField) properties:
```
